Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"!
SO YOU'RE BARB--THE ONE
WHO WROTE ME THE LETTER
ABOUT SAVING
MY OLD FRIEND?
YES...HE NEEDS YOU.
AND I'M ONLY
TRYING TO HELP...
WHO IS HE?
AND JUST WHAT DOES
HE NEED SAVING FROM?
YOU'LL SEE FROM WHAT
IN JUST A MOMENT, YUSEI.
FOR AS THE SUN SETS...
THE DANGERS IN THIS
TOWN BEGIN TO RISE.
THE LAW OF THE LAND
IS THAT DUELS
CAN ONLY BE WAGED
DURING DUSK.
IT'S ODDLY
APPROPRIATE, TOO.
BECAUSE THOSE
THAT LOSE...
VANISH JUST AS
THE SUN DOES.
[GASP] IS THAT KALIN?!
HE CAME TO THIS TOWN
TO PUNISH HIMSELF
FOR SOMETHING HE DID
IN THE PAST.
WHY IS HE DUELING
FOR THESE PEOPLE?
YOU SEE, DEEP INSIDE
THAT TREACHEROUS PEAK
IS A MINERAL CALLED DYNE.
ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE
RUSHED HERE
TO MINE THIS VALUABLE MINERAL
AND MAKE THEIR FORTUNE.
WHEN ALL THE DUST SETTLED
ONLY MALCOLM AND RADLEY
WERE THE ONES
LEFT STANDING.
THEY MUSCLED
ALL THE OTHER MINERS
INTO WORKING FOR THEM.
SO NOW INSTEAD OF
FIGHTING FOR NEW LABOR,
THEY DUEL TO DECIDE
WHO GETS IT.
Kalin: I'LL HAVE INFERNITY
DESTROYER ATTACK ILLEGAL KEEPER!
AND SINCE MY DESTROYER
WON THAT BATTLE
WHILE I HAD NO CARDS
IN MY HAND...
YOU NOW TAKE
1600 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
NO FAIR...
I BARELY HAD ONE TURN!
Yusei: KALIN!
IT'S YUSEI!
LET'S TALK!
KALIN, WAIT!
I'M HERE TO HELP!
Barbara: LET HIM GO.
I KNOW A BETTER WAY
TO HELP.
YOU HAVE TO BEAT
MALCOLM'S STOOGES.
ONLY THEN WILL MALCOLM
TRUST YOU ENOUGH
TO LET YOU DUEL
FOR HIS CREW.
THEN, IF YOU CAN
BEAT KALIN,
WE'LL MAKE OUR MOVE.
BEFORE THEY DRAG HIM OFF
TO WORK FOREVER
IN THOSE MOUNTAINS...
WE'LL TAKE HIM.
Malcolm: WHO ARE YOU?
I'M HERE FOR SOME WORK.
IF YOU WANT US
TO HIRE YOU...
YOU'LL HAVE TO PROVE YA GOT
SKILLS WORTH PAYIN' FOR!
GO, NITRO WARRIOR!
ATTACK WITH
DYNAMITE CRUNCH!
AND NOW THE EFFECTS OF
ARMORY ARM AND JUNK
BARRAGE ACTIVATE!
AAH!
I LIKE HOW YA
DUEL STRANGER,
THINK YOU CAN DO THAT AGAIN
AGAINST KALIN?
I WAS HOPING
THAT YOU'D ASK THAT.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Radley: CHEERS!
AHH. CACTUS CIDER
NEVER TASTED SO GOOD--
OF COURSE, EVERYTHING TASTES
GOOD SINCE YOU'VE COME TO TOWN
AND STARTED WINNING
DUEL AFTER DUEL FOR ME.
LET'S HAVE ANOTHER, KALIN!
WHAT I DO HERE I DO FOR
MYSELF AND THAT'S ALL.
FOR MYSELF?
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
WHO KNOWS BUT DOES IT
EVEN MATTER, RADLEY?
AFTER ALL...
SO LONG AS
HE KEEPS ON WINNIN'--
YOU KEEP ON WINNIN'...
AND KEEP MAKING
LOADS OF CASH, RIGHT?!
YEAH, I GUESS...
STILL...I WONDER
WHAT GOES THROUGH THAT
GUY'S MIND SOMETIMES...
[PLAYING HARMONICA]
IT'S THE END OF THE LINE.
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD--
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU!
Kalin, voice-over: I'VE DONE
SOME TERRIBLE THINGS IN MY PAST
SO I MUST PAY
A TERRIBLE PRICE...
NO MATTER WHO TRIES TO STOP ME.
KALIN!
Kalin, voice-over:
I DON'T KNOW HOW YUSEI FOUND ME
BUT HE'S TOO LATE
TO MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE.
KALIN?
[GIGGLES]
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, KID?
I JUST THOUGHT WE COULD
HANG OUT IS ALL!
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE YOU
WHEN I GROW UP!
YOU DON'T.
SURE DO!
A WORLD-CLASS DUELIST--
AND WHEN I AM,
I'M GONNA USE MY SKILLS
TO FREE MY DAD
FROM THE MOUNTAIN MINES!
SORRY, KID.
ANYONE WHO'S SHIPPED OFF
TO THAT MOUNTAIN
IS STAYING THERE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
A GOOD DUELIST CAN
ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING!
I USED TO BELIEVE
THAT, TOO.
BUT IT'S NOT TRUE.
YOU AND YOUR SISTER
SHOULD LEAVE THIS PLACE...
BEFORE DUELING RUINS
BOTH OF YOUR LIVES.
NO WAY, KALIN...
I'M STICKING WITH YOU
NO MATTER WHAT!
Yusei, voice-over: THIS TOWN
MAY BE QUIET NOW BUT COME DUSK,
THE DUELISTS COME OUT
WITH THEIR DECKS 'A BLAZING.
WHICH MEANS I BETTER BE READY.
AFTER ALL, THERE ARE STILL
SO MANY LOOSE ENDS
DANGLING IN THIS DESERT WIND...
LIKE WHAT THIS PENDANT MEANS...
AND WHY DID THAT MAN
THROW IT OVER TO ME?
WHO WAS HE?
FLOWERS AGAIN, BARBARA?
GUESS IT'S GOOD TO KNOW...
EVEN WAY OUT HERE...
SOMETHING PURE CAN BLOOM.
WHAT'VE WE GOT HERE?
HOPE YA BROUGHT ME
A BETTER DUELIST
THAN YESTERDAY'S, MALCOLM.
THE GIANT MAY HAVE STOOD TALL...
BUT HIS DUEL SKILLS
WERE IN SHORT SUPPLY!
THEN AGAIN, MAYBE IT'S JUST
MALCOLM'S SMARTS
THAT ARE ITTY-BITTY!
[LAUGHTER]
YEAH, TALK NOW...
BECAUSE AFTER
THIS HERE DUSK DUEL...
I GUARANTEE YA,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
A WHOLE LOTTA
NOTHIN' TO SAY!
[LAUGHS]
OH, WE'LL JUST
SEE ABOUT THAT!
OR BETTER YET MY UNDEFEATED
DUELIST HERE WILL SEE!
NOW...GIDDY UP AND BRING
YOUR HIRED DECK OUT!
WITH PLEASURE!
MAKE YOURSELF
KNOWN, STRANGER!
KALIN...
I HAD A FEELING
IT WOULD BE YOU.
KALIN. FORGET THIS.
IT'S TIME WE BOTH
JUST WENT HOME.
[GRUNTS] BUT
I HAVE NO HOME.
MY PLACE IS
HERE NOW, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT!
YOU'RE THAT FELLA
WHO CALLED OUT
TO KALIN YESTERDAY.
YOU KNOW EACH OTHER?
YEAH, BUT DON'T
THINK THAT MEANS
WE'LL GO EASY
IN THIS DUEL.
NAH...I KNOW THAT.
CUZ IF YA DO, YOU'LL BE
SENT TO THE MINES
FOR THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE!
ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO DO THIS?
YEAH.
FINE THEN.
LET'S DUEL.
HEY KALIN,
I BELIEVE IN YOU!
All: DRAW!
YOU'RE A QUICK DRAW,
KALIN.
YOU AS WELL.
BUT WHO WAS FIRST?!
I GUESS TIE GOES
TO THE CHAMP.
LET'S GET THIS STARTED.
FIRST, I SUMMON
INFERNITY RANDOMIZER.
[GROWLS]
I THEN END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
[THINKING] HE SUMMONED
A MONSTER IN ATTACK MODE
ON HIS FIRST TURN...
BUT ONE THAT ONLY HAS
900 ATTACK POINTS.
HE COULD BE DRAWING ME
INTO ATTACK...
ALRIGHT, I'LL TAKE
THE BAIT.
BUT I'LL TAKE IT WITH
SOME SERIOUS SPEED!
IT'S MY DRAW!
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR
TO THE FIELD!
AND DUE TO HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
DURING THE BATTLE PHASE
OF THE TURN
IN WHICH HE'S
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
THE SPELL
FIGHTING SPIRIT
ON TO SPEED WARRIOR...
AND THAT MEANS HE GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
SO NOW SPEED WARRIOR'S
TOTAL ATTACK POINTS
ARE 2100!
NOW LET'S
PUT 'EM TO USE!
GO SPEED WARRIOR--ATTACK
INFERNITY RANDOMIZER!
GO HYPER SONIC SLASH!
I PLAY THE TRAP...
INFERNITY REFLECTOR!
YOU SEE...
WHEN A MONSTER WITH INFERNITY
IN ITS NAME IS DESTROYED...
I CAN NEGATE ITS DESTRUCTION
BY SIMPLY SENDING
ALL THE CARDS IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN YOU TAKE 1000
POINTS OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
[THINKING]
NOW HE'S CARDLESS--
JUST AS HE LIKES.
WHAT NOW?!
I DON'T KNOW.
NOW KALIN WINS!
[LAUGHS]
I PLACE ONE FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING] HOPEFULLY
IT WON'T BE MY LAST!
MY TURN, YUSEI...
I'LL PLAY ONE FACEDOWN...
AND THEN ACTIVATE
RANDOMIZER'S ABILITY!
WITH IT, ONCE PER TURN,
I DRAW ONE CARD
AND THEN SEND THAT CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
IF THE CARD I DRAW
IS A MONSTER CARD...
THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO
ITS LEVEL MULTIPLIED BY 200.
HOWEVER, IF IT'S
NOT A MONSTER CARD...
THEN I TAKE
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SO THEN IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO DUMB LUCK?
THAT'S NOT
LIKE YOU, KALIN.
NO, IT'S NOT LUCK...
IT COMES DOWN TO FATE.
FATE WILL DECIDE.
WAIT. IS IT JUST ME...
OR IS KALIN ACTING OFF?
HE IS GONNA WIN, RIGHT?!
OH, YEAH, SURE,
WITHOUT A DOUBT.
MONSTER--LEVEL 6.
LEVEL 6?
LET'S DITCH
THIS DUEL!
Man: THE DUEL WILL GO ON.
SAYS WHO?
FINE.
[CRIES OUT IN PAIN]
I END MY TURN.
[THINKING] NOT GOOD.
I'M HERE TO RESCUE KALIN
BUT AT THIS RATE
I'M GONNA BE
THE ONE NEEDING HELP.
GUESS IT'S GOOD TO KNOW...
EVEN WAY OUT HERE...
SOMETHING PURE CAN BLOOM.
YES, YUSEI BUT IT'S
NOT JUST THESE FLOWERS
THAT CAN BLOOM.
HOPE BLOOMS AS WELL.
IF YOU CAN SOMEHOW
MANAGE TO DEFEAT
KALIN IN A DUEL...
THEN I HAVE
THE TOOLS TO FREE HIM
BEFORE HE'S BANISHED
TO THAT MINE FOREVER.
[THINKING] I HAVE
TO FOCUS...
I CAN'T LET KALIN
END UP IN THAT MINE!
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
AND I SUMMON
MAX WARRIOR!
Duel runner computer:
MAX WARRIOR IS A LEVEL 4
WIND ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
WITH 1800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 800 DEFENSE POINTS.
[THINKING] IF I PLAY
MY CARDS RIGHT,
MAYBE I CAN
CONVINCE KALIN
HE DOESN'T BELONG
IN THOSE MINES...
AND THE BEST WAY
TO DO THAT...
IS TO GET DOWN AND DIRTY
IN THIS DUEL.
IF I CONFRONT KALIN
HEAD ON,
I MAY BE ABLE TO SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON
DEEP WITHIN HIS HEART
AND GET HIM TO FINALLY
FORGIVE HIMSELF
FOR ALL OF HIS
PAST MISTAKES.
MAX WARRIOR ATTACKS
INFERNITY RANDOMIZER!
AND THANKS TO
MAX'S ABILITY,
DURING THE DAMAGE STEP,
HE GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS!
NOW LET HIM HAVE IT!
WELL DONE, YUSEI,
BUT I SAW THAT COMING...
NOW THEN...
OH NO...
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN,
THE TRAP DAMAGE GATE.
NOW I CAN SUMMON ONE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL OR LESS THAN
THE DAMAGE I JUST TOOK.
AND THE MONSTER I SUMMON
IS INFERNITY BEETLE.
THEN SPEED WARRIOR WILL
JUST HAVE TO ATTACK
YOUR NEW MONSTER.
BUT THEY BOTH HAVE
THE SAME ATTACK POINTS!
WHAT'S HE TRYIN' TO DO?
NOW BY DESTROYING
THE EQUIP SPELL
FIGHTING SPIRIT...
SPEED WARRIOR
SURVIVES THE CLASH!
THAT'S MY TURN.
YOU NEVER CHANGE.
YOU'RE NOT SIMPLY
TRYING TO WIN, YUSEI...
YOU'RE TRYING
TO BRING OUT MY HEART
AT THE SAME TIME.
AREN'T YOU?
PERHAPS.
THE PROBLEM IS...
THE HEART YOU SEEK...
IS LONG GONE.
THAT ISN'T TRUE!
IT IS TRUE AND I DESERVE
WHATEVER I GET.
COME ON, KALIN!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT OUR PAST?
ALL OF THE THINGS
THAT WE'VE
BEEN THROUGH TOGETHER?
TRY AND THINK BACK!
YOU GUYS READY TO GO
TAKE DOWN THE AMBULATORS?
YEAH.
TIME FOR THE ENFORCERS
TO DO SOME ENFORCING!
REMEMBER?
YEAH. BUT I ALSO
REMEMBER THE BAD TIMES...
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN.
I TRIED TO DESTROY
YOU, YUSEI.
I DID SOME PRETTY
HORRIBLE THINGS.
SOME TRULY
UNFORGIVABLE THINGS.
THINGS THAT I REGRET...
BUT CAN'T TAKE BACK.
KALIN...
SURE, YOU MADE SOME
PRETTY BIG MISTAKES...
BUT THAT'S DONE!
THE DARKNESS IS GONE
NOW--I SAW IT LEAVE!
Yusei: ATTACK!
Kalin: YOU'RE NOT
GONNA GO AND DO
SOMETHING STUPID, LIKE...
LOSE TO THE DARK SIGNERS...
ARE YOU?
DON'T BACK DOWN, YUSEI...
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS...
PUSH THE SHADOWS
BACK WHERE THEY BELONG.
Yusei: KALIN...
I'M SO SORRY, YUSEI.
I TRIED TO FORGET
THE PAST BUT...
BUT WHAT?
BUT EVEN THOUGH
IT LOOKED LIKE
THE DARKNESS
SCATTERED AWAY...
IT'S STILL
VERY MUCH WITH ME.
ONLY NOW, IT DOESN'T
TEMPT ME TO BE WICKED.
IT MAKES ME WANT
SOMETHING ELSE,
SOMETHING I LONG FOR
DAY AND NIGHT.
YUSEI...WHAT
I LONG FOR...
IS TO PAY FOR
ALL MY WRONGDOINGS.
STOP IT!
KALIN, YOU'VE
SUFFERED ENOUGH!
NO, I HAVEN'T.
BUT I WILL.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO BE
THE ONE THAT HELPS ME.
WAIT. ME?
YOU'RE GOING TO
HELP ME SUFFER, YUSEI...
YOU SEE...I'VE BEEN
DUELING IN THESE PARTS
FOR AWHILE NOW...
WAITING TO LOSE SO THAT
I COULD MEET MY FATE.
PROBLEM WAS...
I NEVER LOST.
RIGHT--BECAUSE YOUR
FATE DOESN'T END HERE!
WRONG--I SURVIVED
BECAUSE OF YOU.
BECAUSE DESTINY
WANTED YOU TO DEFEAT ME.
LISTEN, KALIN,
I HAVE NO PLANS
TO DESTROY YOU
IN THIS DUEL OF OURS!
AND I KNOW DEEP INSIDE
YOU DON'T WANT ME TO!
YUSEI...THERE IS
NO DEEP INSIDE.
WHAT YOU SEE...
IS ALL THAT'S LEFT
OF ME ANYMORE.
NO, DON'T SAY THAT...
DON'T SAY ANYTHING!
LET'S DUEL, NOT TALK!
VERY WELL THEN.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD ZERO-MAX!
I CAN ACTIVATE IT WHEN IT'S
THE ONLY CARD IN MY HAND.
IT LETS ME SELECT
ONE INFERNITY MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE
AND SUMMON IT!
THEN ANY MONSTERS
WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS THAN MY INFERNITY'S
ARE DESTROYED.
HUH?
NOW, APPEAR,
INFERNITY DESTROYER!
[ROARS]
AND BE GONE ANY MONSTERS WITH
2300-OR-LESS ATTACK POINTS!
I CAN'T ATTACK ON THE TURN
ZERO-MAX WAS ACTIVATED...
SO I END MY TURN.
YA KNOW, KALIN...
IT'S INTERESTING...
FOR SOMEONE WHO WANTS
TO LOSE SO BAD...
YOU CERTAINLY
ARE DUELING
WITH A WHOLE LOT
A' MIGHT.
YES...BUT SURELY YOU MUST
UNDERSTAND, YUSEI...
IF I'M GOING TO LOSE.
I WANT TO TRULY LOSE
SO THAT I CAN TRULY SUFFER.
I DON'T THINK SO!
I THINK YOU'RE
DUELING BECAUSE
YOU LOVE IT, KALIN!
SO THERE'S HOPE!
IT'S MY MOVE NOW
AND I SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON!
[GRUNTS]
WHEN THIS MONSTER IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED...
I CAN THEN SUMMON ONE
LEVEL 2-OR-BELOW MONSTER
THAT'S RESTING
IN MY GRAVEYARD
OUT IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THE MONSTER
I SUMMON IS...
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND SINCE JUNK SYNCHRON
HAPPENS TO BE
A TUNER MONSTER...
I CAN NOW SUMMON
BOOST WARRIOR
FROM MY HAND
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW, LEVEL 3
JUNK SYNCHRON
TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
SPEED WARRIOR...
FROM TWO COME ONE,
AND FROM ONE WILL COME
GREAT POWER!
WATCH AS THEY MERGE
THEIR MIGHT, WATCH...
AS I SUMMON...!
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER,
JUNK WARRIOR!
AND WHEN JUNK WARRIOR
IS SUCCESSFULLY
SYNCHRO SUMMONED,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE BY THE TOTAL
ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL LEVEL
3-OR-BELOW MONSTERS
THAT ARE OUT
ON MY FIELD!
SO THAT MEANS HE GETS
300 FROM BOOST WARRIOR!
NEXT I'LL PLAY
BOOST WARRIOR'S ABILITY!
IT LETS ME POWER UP
ONE WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 300 MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW GO JUNK WARRIOR!
ATTACK
INFERNITY DESTROYER!
UHH!
OH NO--KALIN!
IF MY MONSTER IS DESTROYED
AND I HAVE NO CARDS
IN MY HAND...
THEN I CAN SUMMON
INFERNITY AVENGER
FROM MY GRAVE TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND WHEN
AVENGER'S SUMMONED
DUE TO THIS
SPECIAL ABILITY...
HIS LEVEL CHANGES TO THAT OF
THE DESTROYED MONSTER'S.
SO SINCE MY DESTROYER'S
LEVEL WAS 6...
AVENGER'S LEVEL IS NOW 6.
I'M DOWN TO 900
LIFE POINTS, YUSEI...
WHICH MEANS...
ONE MORE ATTACK
AND I'LL BE DONE FOR.
I'M GLAD YOU ARE THE ONE
WHO'LL FINISH ME, YUSEI.
IT REALLY IS FITTING.
KALIN! YOU'RE STILL
TALKING NONSENSE--
NOW CUT IT OUT!
IT'S TRUE, FRIEND.
AT LONG LAST, THE END
IS FINALLY NEAR.
PLEASE BELIEVE ME
WHEN I SAY
THAT I'M SORRY FOR ALL
THE HARM THAT I'VE CAUSED.
LET EVERYONE KNOW THAT.
NOW LET'S LET FATE
RUN ITS COURSE, SHALL WE?
KALIN...